hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film the thinning
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the near future world's resources
have severely depleted
due to overpopulation the united nations
declares that
all countries must cut their populations
by five percent each year
as a way to combat this crisis the
united states specifically implements
the thinning project
a so-called standardized test in which
those students who fail would be
executed to death
elena is a genius and hard-working
student who would never fail to pass
any test she's struggling however in
making money for her mother with a
deadly disease
for her part-time tutorship offered to
young students for trading cheating
devices for the test
on the test day in the next morning
elena is asked to trade the cheating
device with the boy logan paul
son of texas governor who's pretty
worried about his girlfriend ellie's
failing the exam probably
because they actually don't study for
the exam
unfortunately lena has already sold them
out
without any choice logan has to give
ellie a comfort hug
before they head to the upcoming exam
after the test
it turns out logan passes the exam while
ellie fails it
the girlfriend is taken away for
execution right away
while logan calls for help from his
governor father who refuses him
for the belief that no one could cheat
on the thinning project
that's meant to be designed to treat
everyone fair and equal
trying to save his darling out logan
then fights against the security
desperately
but his effort turns to be in vain
one year later right before the last
exam day for graduation
logan makes a video saying that he will
purposefully fail his exam
to punish his father for the death of
his girlfriend
with that purpose logan selects only the
answer d
for all of the multiple choice questions
on the exam day
however taking notice of his son's
announcement the governor orders the
test manager to pass logan
regardless of his score logan later gets
to know
unexpectedly that his name's not shown
on the list for execution
while elena to everyone's surprise is
taken away for her failing the exam
the teacher in charge tries to argue
with the test management
for any mistake in lana's test result
but gets no affirmative reply
the teacher then secretly hands a key
card to lena for her escape
while all the students are enjoying
their graduation party logan feels sick
by his father's speech to run for the
presidency
based on his so-called fair implement of
the thinning project
he sets up his plan to save those failed
students who are brought to a room for
execution
logan sneaks inside the control room and
blacks out the school
allowing lana to escape out of the chaos
with the key card
lana is then saved out by the coming
logan who knocks down the security
during a fight
with the alert triggered however they
have to hide up inside the vet
and the whole school goes under lockdown
quickly
on their way to the server room to check
the scores logan falls all the way down
into the swimming pool causing him to
drown
but he's fortunately brought out of
water and returned to consciousness
timely by lena
on their way back to the vent lana drops
the key card by accident
without which there's no way for them to
enter the server room
so they have to get it back in the lab
where the security comes to check
anything abnormal
during the following confrontation logan
manages to take control of the security
and changes into his uniform while with
a magnetic gadget made by herself
lena seizes the key card successfully
and uses it to get inside the server
room
under the help from her classmate who
hacks into the surveillance system for
the server password
elena gets access to the test scoring
system successfully
where she finds out that she scores 98
points
as unbelievably rated failed she's
shocked then by the truth that test
scores are shuffled
for the benefits of some students with
political family backgrounds
resulting in the wrongful deaths of
those with passing scores
what's more under further search on the
computer lana happens to know ellie's
test result
showing that she did pass the exam but
her score was also shuffled
without any hesitation she sends all the
screenshots to her classmate
before she runs away or she's caught up
on camera by the test manager
on the other side in the disguise of the
security guard
logan makes his way to the execution
room and attempts to release all the
failed students
but after a fight he's taken control by
other guards
logan feels more desperate as he sees
lana's also caught up
and brought to the execution room with
the screenshots released soon by the
press however
the governor who's running a campaign
for presidency has no choice but to
execute all of those who actually fail
and puts his responsibilities for that
scandal aside to the test manager
as the lockdown ends the set free elena
has to kiss by her crush boy logan
who's gonna face his execution in
despair this time
while his governor father makes his
determination again before the public
to continue the implementation of a fair
and equal thinning
project in the end of the story all the
failed students are brought back
together for execution
with presumably deadly shots and their
bodies are later delivered to a
high-tech company
with busy assembly lines where logan
slowly wakes up from what's actually a
sleep truck
confused by the surroundings logan sees
a blonde girl working at the assembly
line
his girlfriend ellie it's revealed that
behind the thinning project
is hidden with a huge conspiracy unknown
to the public
this is daniel cc movie review